5.x Document required entity fields better (#7685)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/5-0-migration-guide.rst

ORM
---

Required Entity Fields
----------------------

> Entities have a new opt-in functionality that allows makes entities 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities have a new opt-in functionality that allows making entities 
```

> Entities have a new opt-in functionality that allows makes entities 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Entity has a new opt-in functionality that allows makes entities 
```
